# Privacy Policy
Last updated April 8, 2023

Yujiro Takeda built the TLT app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Yujiro Takeda at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at TLT unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Disclosure
TLT use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to [Google API Services User Data Policy](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#additional_requirements_for_specific_api_scopes), including the Limited Use requirements.

## Information Collection and Use

- **Authentication information**: This application use Oauth tokens to authenticate users, but none of this information is collected by Yujiro Takeda.

- **Google user data**: This application has access to the following information. All information is stored locally in the extension and can be deleted by uninstalling the extension. Google user data is not shared with anyone other than you (the extension user).
  - `Your public profile`: View your currently logged in account.
  - `Calendar and events`: Synchronize tasks and activities.

- **User Activity**: This application uses a third party service to track anonymous usage. An example is which options and buttons users click most often. The link to the privacy policy of the third-party service provider used by the application is below.
  * [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/)

- **Log Data**: This application may collect information about your PC as Log Data in the event of an error. This Log Data may include information such as your browser name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. If I make any changes to this Privacy Statement, I will change the “Last Updated” date above. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at takeda.yujiro@gmail.com.

---
This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
